= Harvester 0.8
The Harvester is a web-based Feed-Aggregator

A running instance can be seen at:
http://astroblog.spaceboyz.net/harvester/

The Harvester eats the feeds you want and produces a static html/feed page that aggregates all those.

== Installation

Install the harvester with

  gem install harvester

You can now create a new harvester project with

  harvester new <project_directory>

Then you will need to configure <tt>config.yaml</tt>, <tt>collections.yaml</tt> and the templates to suit your needs (see below). You also have to run <tt>harvester db create</tt> (in that directory) to create your initial database structure.

== Configuration

<tt>config.yaml</tt> contains general configuration, like paths, logs and timeouts. You can also configure your database there. The default database backend is SQLite3, but all the following ones are supported:
* SQLite3
* PostgreSQL
* MySQL

The <tt>collections.yaml</tt> file contains the links to your desired feeds.

== Usage

Then run

  harvester run

in the project directory or run

  harvester run -c path/to/config.yaml

This will create the output files. That's it ;).

Usually, you want to run this command automatically every x seconds/minutes. You can use a program like <tt>cron</tt> or simply run

  harvester clock

to start a simple scheduler.

There some more harvester commands to explore. Run

  harvester --help

to get a command list.

== Customizing the templates

...

== Credits

* {Astro}[https://github.com/astro] (2005-2008)
* Neingeist
* Tigion
* Josef Spillner
* {J-_-L}[https://github.com/janlelis]
* Others (MySQL patch)
